again with Rodriguez looking for the vine
by sepia vine can not be left
for zapata this step does not play pisano the
floor role that I give him has never
place to hit him frankly why they go to
cut it comes treading the epa step on
us to arrive yesterday
t
the role
or the independent one did the rolfi and
because it would not have to be the capital
because other than the capital montenegro
with a barbarian empanada that they put to
valleys that throws the bow and the peal
it pushes as it has been stopped in the last
Saturday he steals something the crossbow and by
the doubts were pushed independently one
so carlos montenegro download well for
the ball that puts pisa we excellent
valleys that the best he has done in the
last matches attack wins the
back melis organized the lifts the
ball did not enter and a montenegro arrives
to push it the first download was
of rolfi for pisano maybe he does not put a
fabulous ball for patient valleys
find your colleagues in the center
and Montenegro is pushed by one of the
best collective and actions
independent in the party end in
those who know are found
projected an independent side wins
a match that was complicated and
equal
'I was that stonemason suffers like nobody
poor man is there desperate
so that the match seemed handy
that the forward
troncoso appears villalba always for
outside villalba so as not to compromise
the deliberations press the player
maybe not with lack
free throw for
san carlos is the last stop ball
of the game and it is for san carlos was the
9 the infringement of pisa not but serious yes
Miss , can you create it from felipe
sell the center of Gonzalo Raverta
protects independently back
shouts the fans of the villa
has to mark with fierce anger in the
independent fund the meter raverta the
archer who leaves the Russian was going to win the
red to win the red on the silver I was going
to add a visitor victory
important to go to 10 points when
take out the Russian is just going to be victory
of independent ladies and gentlemen
has won independent in the forest with
the independent montenegro goal
of three is with ten now in the
table won to San Carlos 10 goal
rolfi montenegro indicated the story
of 20 could not not add to 3 against
bill san carlos however the parties
you have to play them and independent do not
it turned out simple some things for
highlight many to improve and all three
points that will give you peace of mind
next days
simply that the result that could
have been more bulky even